Validate color contrast (#148)
nl-design-system/theme-wizard: packages/design-tokens-schema/README.md

  }
};

> // Only refs like `{ma.color.black}` refs are validated to follow the proper format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Token references like `{ma.color.black}` are only validated to follow the proper format, they are not resolved.
```
